Improve column generation dev doc (1) (#947)
atoptima/Coluna.jl: docs/src/api/colgen.md

Coluna.ColGen.stop_colgen_phase
```

### Stages

A stage is a set of consecutive iterations in which we use a given pricing solver.

> The goal is to solve the pricing subproblem with very fast heuristic solvers at the first stage

Reviewer: This is a bit ambiguous ; it makes me believe that multi-stages is only composed of 2 stages:
- a first stage with several heuristic solvers
- a second (and last) stage with an exact solver
It is not the case, right ?

```suggestion
The aim is to speed up the resolution of the pricing problem by first using an approximate but fast pricing algorithm and then switching to increasingly less heuristic algorithms until the last stage where an exact solver is used.
```

Coluna.ColGen.is_exact_stage
```

### Column generation iteration

> These are the main steps of a column generation iteration without stabilization.

Reviewer: Add link to stabilization doc (when it exists ofc :) )

#### Set of generated columns

You can define your data structure to manage the columns generated at a given iteration. Columns are inserted after the optimization of all pricing subproblems to allow the parallelization of the latter.

**References**:

```@docs
Coluna.ColGen.set_of_columns
Coluna.ColGen.push_in_set!
```

Go back to the [column generation iteration overview](#Column-generation-iteration).

#### Dual bound calculation

You can define your data structure to manage the columns generated at a given iteration. Columns are inserted after the optimization of all pricing subproblems to allow the parallelization of the latter.

**References**:

```@docs
Coluna.ColGen.compute_sp_init_db
Coluna.ColGen.compute_dual_bound
```

Go back to the [column generation iteration overview](#Column-generation-iteration).

#### Columns insertion

Lorem ipsum.

**Reference**:

```@docs
Coluna.ColGen.insert_columns!
```

Go back to the [column generation iteration overview](#Column-generation-iteration).

#### Iteration output

Lorem ipsum.

Go back to the [column generation iteration overview](#Column-generation-iteration).

> ### Stabilization

Reviewer: TODO: add an introduction to what stabilization does
